hey everybody this is Rex's and welcome
back to let's play medieval 2 on this
episode first of all we want to jump up
here to grab the hothouse bowels and now
we want to continue exploring the
garrisons of q with all the people
jumping around so happy that I rescue
them and no one want to go here do I
know I don't need what area
I wanna do is you wanna just jump down
here make sure you land on the tree
otherwise just say you got a lot of
damage man for pleasure even lose a life
don't wanna do is gonna just jump down
here grab some help every like me use
all the rest at spring it doesn't matter
they don't recharge or anything so
so COV just like climb up there push up
across to here jump crust here enter
this new area it's another one of those
same boys worked with millions so what
we're going to do is when I just try and
save me there's a man here eating
breakfast and it gets a woman over on
this side yesh and every don't okay we
actually that one of these two maybe
pleasure to nice tight
they use that on her he's collecting on
death toll on him too that's called a
good lightning there this is many
where's our woman friend
which is you certain opportunities for
some options knock on tomorrow's don't
wait senior
Semisonic you squash it oh yeah whoo
more Souls I've been saved tanks the
efforts of Sir John Fortescue so I want
to do is gonna just put the hothouse Val
over here Anna Casey is wonder what that
does this game doesn't tell you this
time hahaha it's up to you to figure it
out so we're on those were just a to
this area Santa here and here we grab
another life awful that's right guys to
light bottles in one stage how very
generous of the games another person so
as long as we have that like bottles out
only 2 in that room we can help exit
back I want to do is go and just drove
up here
x2 this area and here we have the final
area level of its awesomeness chest 15
the silver shield and an energy vial so
first of all what you want to hear is
you're just busy just airing dash until
these pumpkins makes these funds will
eventually explode like that you don't
take too much damage bush if there's a
lot of hair it can really hurt you so
let's try it on to get caught up my
group and then eventually always go just
like that okay so since you're having
here middle you saturation area some
more pumpkins just say that is for press
triangle crouch given time myself into
module for the rolling and consistently
there's quite a lot pump is here so just
keep I try not to do too much al early
on
yay oh pretty song selection point badge
it's really easy there big move their
bodies
he got back to my planet we can now
collect the chalice for a reference
so you get a bit of a rest period before
your poison more pumpkins oh and this is
in this part what happens is join
pumpkins or come on come along em either
the top half this arena are the bottom
house because the top came out stuff out
there and welcome to come along the
bottom half this time like that so
please see the pumpkin roll past so I
taught to do so I just dash down with
the other side I just keeping a hammer
stop habitat
and unfortunately the pumpkin does not
affect us for some reason
so say thank you more training goes the
back whenever tire pump it not all
should be fine
this fine layer is either level where
you get the opportunity to and obtain
tools for the talents so if you kill too
many of the villagers and you will be
eclectic alice and i will show you guys
where that is don't worry we ways that
home from the understanding
Aereo
now we have all the South minis is ready
more vocals
and therefore more where you trying to
kill the last pumpkin and we all watch
this automatic cuts see that the pumpkin
just rolled straight room fits through
the tiny hole to create an axis but
before we exit we should want to go back
here does smell a bit of backtracking of
you there with me I'll show you guys
exactly where to go to States to forget
your room exactly we're going so just
jump out here how about Leona do is just
jump down here hopefully not take tiny
damage like I just did photo/sony chardy
source a little plane
climb up here
and remember this area in here
where we rescue damned souls earlier I
want to do list item is want to climb
this tree again
is he climbing this
Google crafts
and just gonna keep going instead of job
me across there this time we want to
keep claiming her exes way would you run
here leaving a tree you asked by the
answers obvious got on top of this
almighty tree we obtained the chalice I
never joined climb back down a power of
today absolutely hate so we're gonna
just playing down here
we want to go back to where we were now
so let's just go back
and yeah I think we can slide this jump
we took a small bit not too much
if you want to just jump bleep need to
get them save you can give you a lot of
help yeah don't feel too Pete belch
losing small that up don't want to do is
I'll just go over here
go back up here
and exit here for me to go next to the
11am so everything's done none of us to
chuck every sub some of this company we
charter held the food I now enter here
two eggs of the area and now we have a
return to the professor's laboratory so
was ruining something there guys let's
talk wait wash the professionally they
give me this give me walk us / we found
some bombs you've come on old wine what
she thought was you I wanted to me you
got to save up with you the levels not
complete automatic next level guys while
exactly is happening he professes the
war ettore where are we back here find
out next time on let's play medieval to
this is her exes signing out thanks for
watching see you next time